README.md, before:

The-Public-Spheres
==================

A web application designed for many to many debates

Setup:

1. Create a file named colorConverter.js in the root directory and copy the JavaScript function hsvToRgb(h, s, v) from http://mjijackson.com/2008/02/rgb-to-hsl-and-rgb-to-hsv-color-model-conversion-algorithms-in-javascript into that file.

2. Create a MySQL database with two tables using the following SQL code:
CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS `Context` (
  `responseId` int(10) unsigned NOT NULL,
  `isAgree` int(10) unsigned NOT NULL,
  `parentId` int(10) unsigned NOT NULL,
  PRIMARY KEY (`responseId`,`isAgree`,`parentId`)
) ENGINE=InnoDB DEFAULT CHARSET=latin1;
CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS `Responses` (
  `responseId` int(10) unsigned NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,
  `responseText` varchar(1000) NOT NULL,
  PRIMARY KEY (`responseId`)
) ENGINE=InnoDB  DEFAULT CHARSET=latin1 AUTO_INCREMENT=46 ;

3. Create a folder in the root directory titled db and create a file in it titled config.php. Set the folder's permissions only allow owner and group read access and disable all other permissions. In config.php, create a php block that sets the following variables: $host, $username , $password, $db to the values corresponding to your MySQL database.

Commit message:

Added a fork icon that when pressed opens a popup that provides instructions on how to fork that response. Fixed a height issue with IE. Fixed a height issue if a statement is longer than one line. Fixed color and layout issues with IE. Fixed width issue with responses to fit the fork button on the right side.

README.md, after:

The-Public-Spheres
==================

A web application designed for many to many debates

Demo: http://thepublicspheres.com/

Setup:

1. Create a file named colorConverter.js in the root directory and copy the JavaScript function hsvToRgb(h, s, v) from http://mjijackson.com/2008/02/rgb-to-hsl-and-rgb-to-hsv-color-model-conversion-algorithms-in-javascript into that file.

2. Install ruby. Type "gem update --system" into a command line terminal. Type "gem install compass" into a command line terminal to install Compass. Type "compass compile styles" to compile the .scss files into css files (do this anytime you make a change to a .scss file. Create a folder styles on your server. Upload the stylesheets folder that is inside the styles folder on your computer to your server.

3. Create a MySQL database with two tables using the following SQL code:
CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS `Context` (
  `responseId` int(10) unsigned NOT NULL,
  `isAgree` int(10) unsigned NOT NULL,
  `parentId` int(10) unsigned NOT NULL,
  PRIMARY KEY (`responseId`,`isAgree`,`parentId`)
) ENGINE=InnoDB DEFAULT CHARSET=latin1;
CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS `Responses` (
  `responseId` int(10) unsigned NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,
  `responseText` varchar(1000) NOT NULL,
  PRIMARY KEY (`responseId`)
) ENGINE=InnoDB  DEFAULT CHARSET=latin1 AUTO_INCREMENT=46 ;

4. Create a folder in the root directory titled db and create a file in it titled config.php. Set the folder's permissions only allow owner and group read access and disable all other permissions. In config.php, create a php block that sets the following variables: $host, $username , $password, $db to the values corresponding to your MySQL database.

Notes:
fork.png and forkHighlighted.png icons are borrowed from http://raphaeljs.com/icons/ where they were released under the MIT license - http://raphaeljs.com/license.html
